ZenDesk Phone:
Write a program which will take in a sentence, and produce 2 arrays which will then be stored in an archive.
The first array will contain all the unique words in the original text. and second array will contain integer indexes.
There will be one index in this second array for each word in the original document

Input: this specification is the specification for a specification
Output: words = ["this", "specification", "is", "the", "for", "a"]
        sentence = [0, 1, 2, 3, 1, 4, 5, 1]    


PlayStudios Phone:
1. Explain SOLID principles with details
2. Is Ninject your favourite module for achieving dependency injection
3. Explain the MVC architecture with respect to filters and routing


Move Inc phone:
1. What are models in MVC framework
2. What is difference between datamodel and business model
3. What is advantage of using JQuery and Javascript
4. What are jQuery selectors
5. What is jQuery.data
6. What is HoldReady in JQuery 
7. How to manipulate cookies in JQuery
8. Difference between == and === in JavaScript
9. WHat is difference in sorting between a string array and integer array
10. What is version of JQuery u used
11. what are jQuery param
12. What are the design patterns have you used and what problem does Factory pattern solve
13. Why do u need to send http code 302 to the client or do response.redirect in your application

BoostMedia Phone:
1. Iterate from 100 till 1 and print "Boost" for 5, "Media" for 3 and "BoostMedia" for 15
2. Given an array of sorted strings. Write the algorithm to search the array for a particular string


Prosper Onsite:
1. How to do federated search i.e. a system of searching different websites or systems like amazon.com, walmart.com etc and come up with a common result. The API needs to respond as and when data comes back from different search engines.
2. Locking mechanism over a set of functions and optimization
3. How to implement security in Web API
4. What is Domain oriented programming/separation of concerns
5. How to implement Singleton pattern, with thread safe and without lazy loading
6. Given a string containing comma separated words. How to find the word with maximum occurence in the string.
7. How to create a queue using two stacks
8. What is Closure in Javascript
9. How is memory management impacted by closure
10. In C#, if we have a similar to closure i.e. inner class referring to parent class's value type variable, then the value type variable is in stack or heap memory

Prosper Phone:
1. What are some of the design patterns you have used.
2. Explain observer pattern
3. Write a program to calculate nth fibonacci series number using recursion and tell the runtime
4. Write the Fibanacci program using the iterative techniques
5. How do u measure complexity of the program apart from runtime notation (he was looking for cyclomatic complexity)
6. What is dependency injection and how do u implement it

McKesson phone:
1. How to find if a linked list has a loop and find the first node of the loop
2. Design the algorithm for deck of cards. Design three functions: Initialize, Shuffle and deal

HearSaySocial phone:
How do u improve the throughput of a web service
Given a string having a pattern "11122333", or "1", return the strng containing the count of repeating characters and the digits i.e. "312233", "11" etc

Netflix Phone:
1. Explain the security of the YAP application I explained
2. What is difference between interfaces and abstract classes
3. What is the purpose of Equals() and GetHashCode() for every object in Java
4. What is HashTable and how data is stored there. He wanted to know how much I know about hashtables.
5. Given a 10GB file, how do I copy this file to 1000 servers
6. Implement equivalent of Sample function in Ruby i.e. Given an array of 1000 numbers which might have duplicate numbers. Your function will take input of n and would return n unique numbers. If n=10 then your function would return list of 10 unique numbers from this array of 1000 numbers. If n=999 then function would return list of 999 numbers from the array.


WageWorks Phone:
1. Which version of TCPBinding of WCF is supported in IIS
2. How to do exception handling for multiple exception types within a single catch block
3. How to implement security in a web API from Javascript client
4. How to implement security in a web API from Javascript client served from a different domain
5. What is difference between const and readonly keywords
6. Can this keyword be used in a static function
7. What are nullable types and how to handle them
8. What is difference between custom control, user control and server control

Roku Phone:
1. What is GAC
2. What is difference between out and ref parameters
3. How to prevent ineritance in .NET
4. what is boxing and unboxing
5. How to get current thread in a method
6. What is th difference between clustered and non-clustered index
7. WHat is duplex contract in WCF
8. What is observer pattern
9. What are lambda expressions

XXX Onsite:
1. Explain the different design patterns like Factory pattern with examples
2. Exlain the MVC architecture
3. Explain different testing techniques you have used for load testing
4. Given an aray of strings. Arrange all the anagraams together
5. Implement the observer design pattern
6. Implement a stack. Modify it to have a function to return all the elements of the stack sorted.
7. Given a 4KB file. Explain the algorithm to fill the file with only * (star) only.

SolarCity Onsite:
1. Ask me some SQL questions
2. How do u find min of a binary tree (not Binary Search Tree)
3. Write a program to find nth the Fibonacci number both iteratively and recursively
4. In a two dimensional array how to find the sum of numbers from x,y till n,m element
5. What is the quickest way to find an element in a sorted array