8 queens game
circular queue
poker game
reverse a linked list
duplicate node in a linked list
linked list node & random node
binary tree traversals
reverse a string
reverse only the words in a string
repeated substrings in a string
Design a data structure to store sparse 2D matrix which contains only 0 or 1. then write function to add 2 such matrix.
level order traversal of a binary search tree
Find median from continuously changing stream of data.
Find 2nd maximum in array.
Find nth largest in Array.
Write merge function to merge 2 arrays into single array.
Find the length of linked list loop.
How to get the values of two elements from array whose sum is N.
Get nth largest/smallest from BST.
Perform merge of multiple arrays. (k way merge)
How will u design Google maps or yahoo maps.
Middle of linked list
sum in binary search tree
find the intersection of two sorted arrays 
Serialize binary tree 
How will you save a hierarchical data into a file
chess game
Write code to show producer/consumer problem
Given a string find all possible meaningful words that can be formed from letters of that string.
How to deal with the scenario of connection stacking and number of open connections in a mail server?
How to find a loop in a linked list and write the code
How do you design session timeout mechanism for clients on the server side  
algorithm to solve sudoku (just looking for thought process)  
Design a chat server
Design TIC-TAC-TOE game
Design TETRIS game
Make any given string a palindrome by adding the minimum number of character
intersection of two sorted arrays
Implement ajax in javascript
packman game
how would you find a duplicate num in 2 arrays.
Design a vending machine which servers coffee with cream, without cream, with sugar, without sugar. How do you extend it add mocha service etc. And he asked some design patterns.
Design a video recommendation service. He asked lot of follow up questions like how would you have a exception list of thing if a user skips a particular song etc.
How to find minimum envelope circle of a given two-dimensional points set
He asked me to implement a Page class and a Book class, and to use these to determine how many times a given word appeared in a Book.
find right cousin of a given node.
Given a web server log file that runs into millions of lines write a script to pull up the top 100 users by visits and the last time-stamp of their access.
design a file system using MVC. 
Function to write n Fibonacci series after a given number k. 
If you a huge dataset of numbers across multiple computers. How will you find the average of all the numbers.  
If you a huge dataset of numbers across multiple computers. How will you find the median of all the numbers.
